surprise I'm back
it's the grand grand master relays
fashion and brains gold overflows like
capital gains a rational prey band up
your wagged interface you know I blowing
out chance like classical games or
candles on cakes no birthdays after
tonight you losing a fight crews getting
blue in the eyes Amedeo style meteoric
rising so live I seen I know the champs
on the red 5 about to die no lie
blinking your whistle plane your new
year like I said I'll picture day I can
see you bleed man I can see you
frustrated I you would feel like an
acrobat all day damn straight I'm fast
out the gate no equals your jaw jaw from
the prequels purple people eater Jax
leave the Lineker for your best day on
the coolest toy in the nurse store ready
for battle never take down Jax bring it
all will never take down Jax who's next
you never take down Jax you never take
down Jax and never take down jagged
Casey Jones got five by and scored a
hat-trick on a quick leap strike shore
headed the grandmaster might like granny
knuckle lock knuckle
bad champagne a new dynamic do dropping
damaged lampposts a hand dropping slam
landing blows on the disadvantage a
shrimp landing compare a dime ship
terrified kids thinking paralyzing hits
god of the red purple Jesus pummel eight
years for master your arms you're
fighting dr. Octavius before scalp the
XP radius with my socks laying fit poles
falling bunches like Brady kids jacks
the men's dorms up and down either way
you finish on the ground I'm the
pound-for-pound greatest knowing all
around so famous and you'll never see my
face cuz nobody can face it ready for
battle
never take down jacks bring it all never
take down Jack's who's next
you never take down Jack's you never
take down Jack's you never take down
Jack do it's extraordinaire team always
thankful you got to keep it fair when I
tangle sword-wielding chicks on a spree
getting mango Santa's in your face be
pawns Kappa tangles lands and strangles
every champ stress up once your own
sword into your chest right through the
vest I know your French goes you're
fried and pressed you might be bred for
success but I
cantos the best I'm getting fed I can
see you got a stomachache will let
marie-antoinette eat cake hold off wait
a man drink pop city kappa Gus about
next game where you might have a shot
but only view bear me I'm so hot the
brand can't stand me should I had a plan
B hope you learned your lesson
imagine if I had a real weapon ready for
battle never take down Jax bring it all
never take down Jax who's next
you never take down Jax you never take
down Jax you never take down jack